Hardfork triggers (#5098)
input-output-hk/cardano-ledger: eras/shelley/impl/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.17.0.0

> - Move some hard-fork triggers to the `Era` module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move some hard-fork triggers and export them from `Cardano.Ledger.Shelley` module:
```

  - `HardForks.aggregateRewards` to `Era.hardforkAllegraAggregateRewards`.
  - `HardForks.allowMIRTransfer` to `Era.hardforkAlonzoAllowMIRTransfer`.
  - `HardForks.validatePoolRewardAccountNetID` to `Era.hardforkAlonzoValidatePoolRewardAccountNetID`.

>   - `HardForks.forgoRewardPrefilter` to `Era.hardforkBabbageForgoRewardPrefilter`.

Reviewer: Suffix is not needed, because it is ambiguous what it means
```suggestion
  - `aggregateRewards` to `hardforkAllegraAggregateRewards`.
  - `allowMIRTransfer` to `hardforkAlonzoAllowMIRTransfer`.
  - `validatePoolRewardAccountNetID` to `hardforkAlonzoValidatePoolRewardAccountNetID`.
  - `forgoRewardPrefilter` to `hardforkBabbageForgoRewardPrefilter`.
```

>   - Expose `Cardano.Ledger.Shelley.Era` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
